Hidden truth about envy Poison air evil eyes
You must be wondering what is Poison air evil eyes is

well, iam speaking about effects of evil eyes and it is like a poison in the air which is created by Hasad means envy and that poison of the air goes and reaches the exact person who is envied by the envier.

Prophet Mohammed saw said that "every person who is blessed are envied by others."

An envy is an emotion where a person strongly desires what others are having or experiencing.

And almost every human-being have this tendency to envy.

Suppose if any person do not get peaceful sleep and has to take sleeping pills that person will envy someone who sleeps peacefully.

If any person cannot enjoy tasty food due to poverty or dieting or any medical reason that person will envy the person who eats tasty food in front of them.

If any person is poor that person will envy the one who is rich.

If any person do not have any children that person will envy the one who is having lovely children.

If any person is suffering from diseases that person can envy someone who is healthy.

If any person is dark and ugly that person can envy the whiteness of your skin which you possess.

If any person does not study well that person envy the one who tops in class or school.

Whatever blessing you possess that is envied by someone or the other who does not possess that blessing. The list goes on and it never ends

Suppose if anyone is divorced or widow and has been harassed in their in-laws home that person will envy the person who has a loving handsome husband and great home.

An envy creates poison in the eyes of envier and that poison reaches the person who is envied and this can even lead to misfortune, feuds, loss of life and diseases and sometimes even death.

Yes, this true Prophet Mohammed (SAW) Said one-third of my Ummah would be in their graves because of evil eyes.

First focus on the point why people envy at all?

Envy is formed because of desires and desires are created from gluttony and over-eating.

Gluttony is the greatest sin in Islam.

It is also a superstitious belief among some group of people that if you are over-eating and spending the whole day eating and eating then someone would die in your home. Gluttony brings bad luck loss of life, diseases and it creates a kind of fuel which gives birth to worldly desires and it is because of these desires people envy each other because they crave for blessings which they do not have and others have.

Fasting not only benefits your physical health but also lighten up your spirituality and calms down your sexual and worldly desires.

One man came to Prophet Mohammed (saw) complaining about his extreme sexual urges and he said he is so much poor and cannot afford to marry Prophet Mohammed (saw) asked him to practice fasting regularly to calm down his physical desires.

Thus this is the proof if you want to get closer to Allah and away from all evil of this world and if you would like to calm down your desires and do not envy anyone then practice regular fasting.

Our Beloved Prophet Mohammed (Saw) use to fast every Mondays and Thursdays and on every 13th 14th and 15th of the month.

Our Prophet Mohammed (saw) gifted us with many Duas which help us to cure the disease of Poison air evil eyes.

For more valuable and detailed information

read my book go to this link down below,

Third world wonder Hidden secrets of pure giving!

watch out a short clip about it below.

Third world wonder hidden secrets of pure giving movie
very few people are able to fight with their lusts and desires and win.
Bt if they do they definitely achieve great things in life.

